
Review no:1
1.0 out of 5 starsXiaomi with an OUTDATED specification..DISAPPOINTING....!! Indian are Not Fools...Launch REDMI NOTE 3 now!!! ByVishalon 19 December 2015 Xiaomi played a Trick here but i am not sure if it would work. This phone is Actually The Redmi Note 4G, but with a Different name and an extra Sim Slot....What is New in this then ?? Same 1 year Old Model I dont understand WHY to launch an already Discontinued devices when you have a Lot of devices (Mi 5 which might never launch i guess) Xiaomi India is taking credit of it but i dont see anything NEW as such in the phone. The Company is NOT launching any good phone now like REDMI NOTE 3 & REDMI NOTE 3 PRIME , due to Legal issues. You launch Good devices in CHINA and launch such devices which dont sell there anymore ,to dispose off in India. I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS DEVICE. And customers should make it clear to such brand that there are Many other Brands Which we can Opt. Its not that Only Xiaomi is the One in Market. If INDIAN Customers have given Xiaomi that Market BOOST , They can take that Back too. Atleast it should keep in Mind that INDIAN users are Not to be Served an OUTDATED phone. We want better specifications too which have been launched worldwide. This launch by Xiaomi shows they just want to OUTSTOCK their Old phones , and surprisingly customers are happy with this also. I dont find any good reason to Buy this phone being an model 1 year Old , just a Big Publicity Launching would Not make it go Far..!! THIS IS OUTDATED ....Not recommended at All !!! LIKE THIS COMMENT TO SEND A MESSAGE THAT EVEN WE WANT UPDATED PHONES WHICH ARE LAUNCHED WORLDWIDE AND SUCH DEVICES ARE NOT ACCEPTED BEING OUT OF MARKET TRENDS...!!! 1616 comments1,027 of 1,120 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse Please write at least one word You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment A problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later. Sign in and comment Showing 0 of 16 comments Sort by: Newest Oldest There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later. Show more comments

Review no:2
1.0 out of 5 starsHI 5 STAR REVIEWERS , PLEASE ANSWER MY QUESTIONS FOR DEFECTS I FOUND IN THIS PHONE :P BEWARE BUYERS READ THIS BEFORE YOU BUY ByswastikaTOP 1000 REVIEWERon 20 January 2016 Verified Purchase hi Dear 5 star Keyboard warriors .Please read my reviews and give expert advice . I brought this phone last week and in 3 days these are the defects i found 1 . ii have attached the screen shot for reference . This phone has a media server app that takes almost 70 % of your battery . This app cannot be force stopped (this app is used to scan all media files and refresh in your gallery). So if you charge your phone 100 % it will be 65 % in jus half and hour even on standby because of this app. And the back panel of phone heats so much that its is very useful during winter to keep you warm :P. Trust me my pant gets warm as soon i slide my phone in pocket in jus 3 minutes.Mounting External SD card will make the media server app go worse . So solution is dont add any files on your phone to keep media server quite and get high battery life.. 2 The apps cannot be moved to memory card so you have to use the only 11 gb space available in phone for apps (half will be consumed by whats app :P ) . and don even think of rooting the phone ,if you root by seeing the you tube videos (MOST ARE ONLY FOR REDMI PRIME /REDMI NOTE 4G) .If u root it any ways you wont get any updates to install. 3 there is no search option in music player provided in phone , so if u like that one song among 700 songs you have to scroll way down to get that one song to listen.So if you install any other music app which has search option, it will only scan your internal storage songs not external storage songs. I have reported all these bugs to xiaomi , still no action taken ..oooops i forgot why will they take any action .. i already got scammed with 8500 rs by them :P online chat and support numbers also dont respond :D only updates and fixes can save my phone. this is all i could find the most non user friendly thing in this outdated phone in 3 days . will post more on this . OVERALL I HAVE MADE YET ANOTHER STUPID DECISON IN MY LIFE AND STILL LAUGH ABOUT IT :D 22 comments348 of 387 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse Please write at least one word You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment A problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later. Sign in and comment Showing 0 of 2 comments Sort by: Newest Oldest There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later. Show more comments

Review no:3
4.0 out of 5 starsSame old Redmi Note but double storage, dual sim and a lower price tag this time... ByDivakshTOP 10 REVIEWERon 19 December 2015 Xiaomi is just a one-year-old brand for India and it took only one year to beat all other old and big brands just because of their business model, price, quality and MIUI. The service of Xiaomi in India is not that much good as all other big brands but still they are doing their level best to give best. I have bought all Xiaomi India products and none of them required to visit a service center to date. The first device they launched in India was the MI3 and I got it in the first sale and it still works like the new device. The Redmi Note Prime is the not the latest Note device they have in the International market, as they have already launched Redmi Note 2, Redmi Note 2 Prime and the Redmi Note 3 in the international market but they all have the MediaTek processor and they have been prohibited from sale these MediaTek phones in India due to some patent issues, so they launched the Redmi Note Prime with Qualcomm's Snapdragon 410 (which is not outdated yet) especially for the Indians and made in India. ----------------------------- UPDATE(14/01/2016) ----------------------------- Xiaomi will launch Redmi Note 3 variant with Snapdragon 650 SoC especially for India in coming months but I don't think it will carry a price tag under 10k as it has upgraded Snapdragon 650 chip, 16MP camera and a big 4000mAh Big Battery and full metal body. So you can still choose Redmi Note Prime if you are low on budget. ----------------------------- UPDATE(25/01/2016) ----------------------------- According to some reviews people reporting battery drain because of Mediaserver. Let me clear it that it's not a hardware fault, Some corrupt or MKV files on internal or external storage(SD card) that media server tries to index and it results in endless looping and it causes heating with battery drain. Quick Fix For Battery Drain: Delete all MKV files from the internal and external storage and restart the phone. Hope it helped..!! ------- PROS: ------- 1. MADE IN INDIA (Check the image) 2. MIUI, the MI user interface one of the most customizable, powerful, features packed android user interface. You get almost everything a smartphone user needs without the help of any third-party apps. 3. Overall good built quality, and especially the camera lens has the O-ring around it to protect it from scratches even if you use it without cases/covers. 4. Stunning 13.97cm (5.5") HD IPS display. (Bigger the display more the productivity.) 5. Fast 2GB LPDDR3 RAM with 16GB Flash memory with read speed of 100MB/s and write speed of 50MB/s. (Faster the memory, lesser the loading and launching time of the apps) 6. Qualcomm's Snapdragon 410 1.2GHz quad-core processor. It also has a 64-bit capability, which is faster and more powerful than 32-bit processors and allows for more efficient processing and memory use. 7. Adreno 306 supports DirectX, OpenCL, FlexRender and other PC gaming technologies for a richer gaming support and experience. 8. The menu, Home and Back keys are red backlit keys, looks sexy. (Check the image) 9. 4G, Dual sim and MircoSD slot. 10. The excellent output from the 3.5mm jack, all you need is a good pair of earphone. I tested it with XB70AP. 11. Big 3100 mAh high-capacity battery coupled with power efficient Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 processor and the battery saving features of MIUI makes it one of the most longer battery life smartphone. 12. 13MP rear camera | 5MP front camera are not the best 13MP and 5MP camera but it performs better than many phones and best at this price tag. 13. Good quality 2amp charger. -------- CONS: -------- 1. Big for the 5.5-inch screen size, not for the people who are looking for a pocket-friendly phone. I have added a picture of Redmi Note Prime without any case and my OnePlus One with bulky Diztronic Ultra TPU Case on it and they seem the same size. 2. Glossy back, I'm not a good fan of glossy stuff as they get scratched very easily and visibility of scratches are high also the glossy surface feel a bit sleepy in hands than the matte surface. I have added the picture of it with its little sister Redmi 2 with the matte finish on the back. 3. There is no space on the bezel or in the back panel where you can put your nail/finger and open it. 4. The speaker is placed on the back side and the output from the speaker in all Xiaomi phones is average or below average in this case this phone won't be audible in the noisy environment and from the another room. 5. MIUI7 used in this phone has the base of Android KitKat 4.4.4 which is 2 years old android version. --------------- VERDICT: --------------- You can't ask for more at this price tag, Redmi Note Prime is the best 5.5-inch screen phone at this price tag. If you are low on budget and want a big screen, long battery life and full featured packed phone then you can blindly go for the Redmi Note Prime. PS: I am providing some pictures of the product for better understanding as "A picture can speak a Thousand words"(I already wrote more than 500 words). Just in case, you like my review don't forget to hit the 'YES/HELPFUL' button below. It does encourage me to buy stuff from amazon for review. 22 comments253 of 285 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse Please write at least one word You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment A problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later. Sign in and comment Showing 0 of 2 comments Sort by: Newest Oldest There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later. Show more comments

Review no:4
3.0 out of 5 starsIt has its moments Byansh aggarwalon 2 January 2016 Verified Purchase Hello, I have had this phone from 2 weeks, its a fair phone It has a decent screen, bright enough, ambient sensors do actually work and they determine the brightness in a satisfying way. Themes give it a nice personal touch, MIUI is fluid, but gets messy sometimes, all the apps are deranged on the screens and there is no app drawer, you can however arrange them in accordance to your will. Cameras are good, selfies are nice and clear even in low light, just use it somewhat intelligently, place yourself according to the light and you are good to go. I ordered a nice black back panel, and the phone looks exponientially smarter now, i dont like the white panel, its a bulky phone, has large bezels at the top and bottom, doesnt look bad, but could have been designed more asthetically. Though at this price one can't really complain, one hand operation is a stretch, its a big phone, and is quite heavy too, feels like half a brick in your hand, though if you see that as a positive, it makes the phone sturdy, and in times of grave danger, you can use it like a hammer. i am a clumsy man, i did let it slip a few times, but like I said, it's as sturdy as Thor's hammer. Some of the pre-loaded apps are a pain, the MI music app is pure s*** (Google Play Music saves the day), MI gallery is even worse, i have a 32GB card mounted which has around 2000 pictures, and i swear to God, i cant find anything when i need it, i rely google photos now. A file browser is given, but it recognises limited formats, and browsing through the memory is again a pain. Play store crashes a lot, but it gets the job done, if u are persistant enough. Video player however is decent and internet browsing is fun on this. Gaming sometimes is decent, other times it drops frames and i suggest low end games only. To sum it up It has all the features one may demand from a smartphone, it is priced genereously, nice camera, decent display, gets your work done. BAD UI, pre loaded apps are useless, doesnt look so good in white. Happy shopping everyone 0Comment9 of 10 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse Please write at least one word You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment A problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later. Sign in and comment Showing 0 of 0 comments Sort by: Newest Oldest There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later. Show more comments

Review no:5
1.0 out of 5 starssame design and worst of of when all the other phones are moving ... BySaindur Kshiaron 27 December 2015 What the hell is going on at Xiaomi ? Same spec, same design and worst of of when all the other phones are moving to Android Marshmallow, but they are still stuck with Kit Kat. Piece of crap.. they seem to be dumping useless, unmarketable devices from China to India.. my Advice: DON'T buy this crap !!!! 0Comment212 of 244 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse Please write at least one word You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment A problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later. Sign in and comment Showing 0 of 0 comments Sort by: Newest Oldest There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later. Show more comments

Review no:6
2.0 out of 5 starsXiaomi Redmi Note Prime It is having problem. Unable ... ByAmazon Customeron 31 December 2015 Verified Purchase Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime It is having problem. Unable to disconnect after we finish conversation. Invariably we have to switch off/on. Subhash pahwa 0Comment33 of 38 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse Please write at least one word You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment A problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later. Sign in and comment Showing 0 of 0 comments Sort by: Newest Oldest There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later. Show more comments

Review no:7
1.0 out of 5 starsIndians are not fools. Release Redmi Note 3 BymaheshTOP 500 REVIEWERon 19 December 2015 Not worth for the price and all specs are outdated. In China they released redmi note 3 with fingerprint and 4000 mah battery. They think India is dumping ground. Better go for Coolpad. 33 comments135 of 158 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse Please write at least one word You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment A problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later. Sign in and comment Showing 0 of 3 comments Sort by: Newest Oldest There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later. Show more comments

Review no:8
1.0 out of 5 starsXiomi Making Fool????? ByAmazon Customeron 23 December 2015 Outdated model, nothing new in this model. We will wait for Redmi Note 3 or go for Infocus M 638. 0Comment4 of 4 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse Please write at least one word You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment A problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later. Sign in and comment Showing 0 of 0 comments Sort by: Newest Oldest There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later. Show more comments

Review no:9
1.0 out of 5 starsDont buy it.... Byankit khemkaon 21 December 2015 Extremely disappointed by xiaomi.Mi played with our feelings by launching such outdated product . 0Comment4 of 4 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse Please write at least one word You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment A problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later. Sign in and comment Showing 0 of 0 comments Sort by: Newest Oldest There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later. Show more comments

Review no:10
1.0 out of 5 starsDON'T BUY THIS 2 YEARS OLD GARBAGE ByShashiTOP 500 REVIEWERon 23 December 2015 Nothing seems fascinating about this phone. Same build and same design as of redmi 1s. Almost same specs as of previously launched redmi note 3G 2 years back in China. The redmi 2 prime(launched 5-6 monthes back) has the same specs and ONLY difference being screen size, a 4.7 inch screen in redmi 2 prime vs 5.5 Inch screen on this phone. And which is costing ₹1500/- extra (only for bigger screen). Why will someone buy this product?? Above of all the same kitkat os. MIUI 7 is here but no lollipop yet, so better to not hope for marshmallow. Xiaomi has found a place to dump thier old outdated phones, while giving all the latest inventions to its own country. 22 comments112 of 133 people found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse Please write at least one word You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment A problem occurred while submitting your comment. Please try again later. Sign in and comment Showing 0 of 2 comments Sort by: Newest Oldest There was a problem loading comments right now. Please try again later. Show more comments
