
Review no:11
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Sai Kiran 02 Oct 2014 The 'certified buyer' badge indicates that this user has purchased this product on flipkart.com. Get your facts right!!!!! For every one who is complaining about the battery drain follow these steps I used to face a similar battery drain but now my battery lasts for 1 complete day with my 3g always on for browsing , frequent calling and 2hrs of music. Just follow the following 1)Calibration process : Let ur battery discharge completely ,then let your phone charge to 100% in the switched off mode. So no switch on your phone which shows 100% battery and charge for 30 minutes. Thats it your done.... Pro's: 1) The Dragon tail screen...I accidently dropped my phone from the top pocket with the screen facing face the ground and to my suprise the screen did not crack..Just a few scratches on my screen guard. 2)Battery lasts almost a whole day with heavy usage. 3)Performance wise it is flawless.Not even a glich. Cons: 1) Heating problem does exist as many users specified in case of heavy using,But is fine for moderate users.(You just cant ask for everything in 6k) Was this review helpful? Yes No 93% of 28 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:12
★★★★★ ★★★★★ sandeep N, M 13 Sep 2014 The 'certified buyer' badge indicates that this user has purchased this product on flipkart.com. value for money but heat up problem ram management is not that k, apps crashes in middle , it can be fixed in an update , camera is the best in redmi 1s , no one can beat front camera, i got 3 screen protector with it, started loving my redmi Was this review helpful? Yes No 78% of 197 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:13
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Amar Nath 13 Sep 2014 The 'certified buyer' badge indicates that this user has purchased this product on flipkart.com. First look ...........Awesome This review is based on 5 days experience......... ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- Unboxing ******************************* 1. Handset 2. charger with USB cable 3. Booklet of no use (in Chinese) OTG cable and Headset are not available and shouldn't expect at this price also. Pros... ******************************** 1. Looks great in hand. Not a boring look like other phones at this price in market. 2. MIUI is really smooth 3. Sound quality is rocking. 4. Camera (rear) is great at this price, front camera is good. 5. High end game runs smoothly, no lagging 6. HD display beats all phones. 7. Free gifts save money a lot. 8. OTG/WIFI hot-spot support are really awesome. Cons............. ******************************* 1. It takes more than 2 hours for full charging. 2. Heating problem; when playing game or using for more than 20 minutes. 3. Sometimes voice quality is very poor. (on call) * Friends don't expect all stunning features at this price, i think this is the best set available in the market at this price if you ignore heating problem Was this review helpful? Yes No 76% of 148 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:14
★★★★★ ★★★★★ NGR 14 Sep 2014 The 'certified buyer' badge indicates that this user has purchased this product on flipkart.com. Great Value, Not for Long though Hey guys , Review of the Redmi 1s, Any questions can be asked under our Youtube Channel 'Nitty Gritty Reviews', where we have posted our review & we can answer your questions. Build Quality Quite good.. one of the better handsets at this price range.. The removable back leaves some space in between which makes it feel a bit hollowish Dragon Trail Glass for the front panel is an amazing plus at this price point. No backlit Keyboard... hard to use in it in the dark... but this is something you'll get used it. Display 720p IPS display.... Biggest reason to consider this phone... Colors are good... and brightness is fine under sunlight. 4.7" display makes it really good for watching movies... Overall phone build quality is quite good. UI Quite different from other Android Skins, There is no app drawer...Everything is in the Homescreen like with IOS. The Multi Tasking is also slightly different... where you get icons instead of small screenshots. The music player is really nice and it offers specific settings for the Xiaomi Pistons(also reviewed) and it definitely makes quite a big difference. The messaging app allows you to reply to messages without having to quit any app you already are in.. which is a real nice addition. The phone runs 4.3 which and Xiaomi has not mentioned anything about an udate to 4.4 Kikat.... so thats a small setback Camera The daylight performance is quite good...and the 8mp is more than what most phones offer at this price point. The low light performance isnt great, but that should be expected considering its just 6k. The phone has difficulty in focusing on close objects, but pics are clicked really fast with little to no delay. Storage 8gb Internal ... Expandable with microSD. Problem is apps cannot be installed on MicroSD, this limits your apps storage to 5gb of free internal. Battery Life Average battery life, Heavy usage means you'll be looking for the charger by 5-6pm... Normal usage should give you a day's of battery life. Handling Heat The phone gets quite hot while using 3g for web browsing or for any apps ... This is makes it uncomfortable to pick calls etc during the such operations. Call Quality Softer than most phones i've used... Not that its unusable... But it isnt as loud as other phones. Purchasing Experience is horrible... and considering that Android One is coming out in a couple of days and the fact that Moto G 2nd Gen and the Zenfone 5 cost just a bit more with better build qualities and overall experiences and much higher avalablity... I would say there's not much to fret if you dont get this model. Was this review helpful? Yes No 74% of 107 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:15
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Dhanapal 13 Sep 2014 The 'certified buyer' badge indicates that this user has purchased this product on flipkart.com. Battery and Heating problem Very poor battery backup i it is worst thing for me because 2000 mah will not come for 1 day and while chat or watching videos also getting very heat.while i able to call that time hagging REDMI 1S i dnot know why.... Was this review helpful? Yes No 77% of 53 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:16
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Jyothi babu 17 Sep 2014 The 'certified buyer' badge indicates that this user has purchased this product on flipkart.com. Redmi 1s is poor in battery backup and getting heat while using. Hi friends, i brought Redmi 1S recently the battery backup is very poor and while using the mobile it is becoming heat and response from the company is nil while i complaint to the concerned. Was this review helpful? Yes No 81% of 26 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:17
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Mayank Gulati 12 Sep 2014 The 'certified buyer' badge indicates that this user has purchased this product on flipkart.com. My Phone camera has issue, check yours Phone is great on papers for price of rupees 6000 but found 2-3 problems after using it a day First, The back cover is not properly aligned to fit on the phone's body. Whenever you put little pressure on back, the cover makes click sounds near the locks.as if the cover is not properly locked with the back of phone. Second problem is that video camera is not able to record the voice from rear mic properly as the audio is very low when i tried recoding the video of a person from 3 feets away, i was hardly able to hear what he said in recoding, to clear the doubt i tested same thing from my moto g and s4 the audio was much louder of the object/person facing the rear cam. Third and the major problem is that the phone video camera has issues, while on video recording mode i can see 4-5 red and blue dead pixels. They are not shown while on camera(photo) mode, but as soon as i switch to video mode, red and blue coloured pixels starts to show up. As well as i can notice disturbance / noise ( banding effect) in video camera. Note: If you want to test your camera then try covering the lens with hand and make the screen go dark while recording. If your device is having the same problem as well, you will be able to see the pixel or noise , otherwise the screen should look completely black. Was this review helpful? Yes No 70% of 118 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:18
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Ajay Barchha 24 Sep 2014 The 'certified buyer' badge indicates that this user has purchased this product on flipkart.com. Horrible Quality! Hangs & Heats a lot!! The phone features are good only on paper. On actual usage the processor is found to be too slow and the phone hangs on almost every attempt of outgoing voice calls. Once hanged, it takes a lot of time to get reset. The phone heats a lot near the rear side camera on few minutes of usage. Batter life is just okay to last a day. I have not yet got the delivery of Manual, Screen Guard or Micro SIM Adapter. No Headphones. No OTG cable. Maybe the piece I got was faulty? Going to request Flipkart for replacement hoping the new piece might work better. Was this review helpful? Yes No 9 of 10 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:19
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Maninder Singh 16 Sep 2014 The 'certified buyer' badge indicates that this user has purchased this product on flipkart.com. Pathetic Product do not ever buy chinese phones such a sick product they have launched, do not buy such products even if the price is less. Software is not working, hangs a lot... Was this review helpful? Yes No 75% of 32 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse

Review no:20
★★★★★ ★★★★★ Himanshu Vashi... 28 Oct 2014 The 'certified buyer' badge indicates that this user has purchased this product on flipkart.com. Nice phone for 6000 rupees. First thing first, people who purchased this phone and expect performance and quality comparable to 20k phones will definitely abuse this phone. If u are like them don't buy this phone. I got this phone delivered on 25th sep and so I am writing this mail after a month of constant use. Pros: Compare the specs u are getting at this price with same comparable specs in any other brand like Nokia, Samsung, Htc, Sony and be assured u need to extend your budget to 15k+. So it is a true value for money. Can play all low to mid level games like temple run, candy crush, etc without lag. Can surf web at good speeds with no lag. The looks are an ultimate killer. Front camera will give u pretty much very good snaps even in low lights due to excellent flash. Highly customizable User Interface, Use themes and other features. Real butter smooth touch. Sound quality is also good. Trust me use nice earphones and this phone will give you decent enough music experience. Also many effects to suit various earphones. Battery backup is real nice. If you don't turn on wifi or mobile data or gps it can give backup to a stretch of two days. With calculated use of such services you can easily make it work for full one day (24+ hours). But if you are a net freak expect it to drain within 10-12 hours on 2g and 6-8 hours on 3g. Cons: Heating issue. Yes but after installing the updates from MIUI it is highly reduced. I would suggest if u constantly keep you wifi and gps and all such thing on, don't waste your money, add a few more bucks and buy a better phone. But if you are a precise user of such services like 3-4 times in a day and only when needed like me, this phone is more than sufficient with little or no heating. Rest I did not find any cons ........ Please again don't compare it with camera of Lumia series, or sound quality of Sony...... For God damn it is 6k budget smartphone. If u want quality add some more bucks and better buy high end phones. Conclusion: I am very much satisfied with this phone. No technical issues faced at all. For any person who is looking for a simple smartphone with normal genuine uses and in short of money can easily bet on this little monster. Trust me you wont be disappointed but if you are planning to make a hell use out of it, stay away sooner or later you will abuse this phone. PS: Please mark helpful if you genuinely felt helped with my review both in finalizing or cancelling your plan to buy this phone. Was this review helpful? Yes No 85% of 13 users found this review helpful. Permalink   Report Abuse
