{"review13":{"Body":"heat up problem ram management is not that k, apps crashes in middle , it can be fixed in an update , camera is the best in redmi 1s , no one can beat front camera, i got 3 screen protector with it, started loving my redmi","Score":78.0,"Title":"value for money but"},"review14":{"Body":"This review is based on 5 days experience......... ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- Unboxing ******************************* 1. Handset 2. charger with USB cable 3. Booklet of no use (in Chinese) OTG cable and Headset are not available and shouldn't expect at this price also. Pros... ******************************** 1. Looks great in hand. Not a boring look like other phones at this price in market. 2. MIUI is really smooth 3. Sound quality is rocking. 4. Camera (rear) is great at this price, front camera is good. 5. High end game runs smoothly, no lagging 6. HD display beats all phones. 7. Free gifts save money a lot. 8. OTG\/WIFI hot-spot support are really awesome. Cons............. ******************************* 1. It takes more than 2 hours for full charging. 2. Heating problem; when playing game or using for more than 20 minutes. 3. Sometimes voice quality is very poor. (on call) * Friends don't expect all stunning features at this price, i think this is the best set available in the market at this price if you ignore heating problem","Score":76.0,"Title":"First look ...........Awesome"},"review21":{"Body":"First thing first, people who purchased this phone and expect performance and quality comparable to 20k phones will definitely abuse this phone. If u are like them don't buy this phone. I got this phone delivered on 25th sep and so I am writing this mail after a month of constant use. Pros: Compare the specs u are getting at this price with same comparable specs in any other brand like Nokia, Samsung, Htc, Sony and be assured u need to extend your budget to 15k+. So it is a true value for money. Can play all low to mid level games like temple run, candy crush, etc without lag. Can surf web at good speeds with no lag. The looks are an ultimate killer. Front camera will give u pretty much very good snaps even in low lights due to excellent flash. Highly customizable User Interface, Use themes and other features. Real butter smooth touch. Sound quality is also good. Trust me use nice earphones and this phone will give you decent enough music experience. Also many effects to suit various earphones. Battery backup is real nice. If you don't turn on wifi or mobile data or gps it can give backup to a stretch of two days. With calculated use of such services you can easily make it work for full one day (24+ hours). But if you are a net freak expect it to drain within 10-12 hours on 2g and 6-8 hours on 3g. Cons: Heating issue. Yes but after installing the updates from MIUI it is highly reduced. I would suggest if u constantly keep you wifi and gps and all such thing on, don't waste your money, add a few more bucks and buy a better phone. But if you are a precise user of such services like 3-4 times in a day and only when needed like me, this phone is more than sufficient with little or no heating. Rest I did not find any cons ........ Please again don't compare it with camera of Lumia series, or sound quality of Sony...... For God damn it is 6k budget smartphone. If u want quality add some more bucks and better buy high end phones. Conclusion: I am very much satisfied with this phone. No technical issues faced at all. For any person who is looking for a simple smartphone with normal genuine uses and in short of money can easily bet on this little monster. Trust me you wont be disappointed but if you are planning to make a hell use out of it, stay away sooner or later you will abuse this phone. PS: Please mark helpful if you genuinely felt helped with my review both in finalizing or cancelling your plan to buy this phone.","Score":85.0,"Title":"Nice phone for 6000 rupees."},"review11":{"Body":"Nothing seems fascinating about this phone. Same build and same design as of redmi 1s. Almost same specs as of previously launched redmi note 3G 2 years back in China. The redmi 2 prime(launched 5-6 monthes back) has the same specs and ONLY difference being screen size, a 4.7 inch screen in redmi 2 prime vs 5.5 Inch screen on this phone. And which is costing \u20B91500\/- extra (only for bigger screen). Why will someone buy this product?? Above of all the same kitkat os. MIUI 7 is here but no lollipop yet, so better to not hope for marshmallow. Xiaomi has found a place to dump thier old outdated phones, while giving all the latest inventions to its own country.","Score":84.210526,"Title":"DON'T BUY THIS 2 YEARS OLD GARBAGE"},"review20":{"Body":"such a sick product they have launched, do not buy such products even if the price is less. Software is not working, hangs a lot...","Score":75.0,"Title":"Pathetic Product do not ever buy chinese phones"},"review12":{"Body":"For every one who is complaining about the battery drain follow these steps I used to face a similar battery drain but now my battery lasts for 1 complete day with my 3g always on for browsing , frequent calling and 2hrs of music. Just follow the following 1)Calibration process : Let ur battery discharge completely ,then let your phone charge to 100% in the switched off mode. So no switch on your phone which shows 100% battery and charge for 30 minutes. Thats it your done.... Pro's: 1) The Dragon tail screen...I accidently dropped my phone from the top pocket with the screen facing face the ground and to my suprise the screen did not crack..Just a few scratches on my screen guard. 2)Battery lasts almost a whole day with heavy usage. 3)Performance wise it is flawless.Not even a glich. Cons: 1) Heating problem does exist as many users specified in case of heavy using,But is fine for moderate users.(You just cant ask for everything in 6k)","Score":93.0,"Title":"Get your facts right!!!!!"},"review17":{"Body":"Hi friends, i brought Redmi 1S recently the battery backup is very poor and while using the mobile it is becoming heat and response from the company is nil while i complaint to the concerned.","Score":81.0,"Title":"Redmi 1s is poor in battery backup and getting heat while using."},"review18":{"Body":"Phone is great on papers for price of rupees 6000 but found 2-3 problems after using it a day First, The back cover is not properly aligned to fit on the phone's body. Whenever you put little pressure on back, the cover makes click sounds near the locks.as if the cover is not properly locked with the back of phone. Second problem is that video camera is not able to record the voice from rear mic properly as the audio is very low when i tried recoding the video of a person from 3 feets away, i was hardly able to hear what he said in recoding, to clear the doubt i tested same thing from my moto g and s4 the audio was much louder of the object\/person facing the rear cam. Third and the major problem is that the phone video camera has issues, while on video recording mode i can see 4-5 red and blue dead pixels. They are not shown while on camera(photo) mode, but as soon as i switch to video mode, red and blue coloured pixels starts to show up. As well as i can notice disturbance \/ noise ( banding effect) in video camera. Note: If you want to test your camera then try covering the lens with hand and make the screen go dark while recording. If your device is having the same problem as well, you will be able to see the pixel or noise , otherwise the screen should look completely black.","Score":70.0,"Title":"My Phone camera has issue, check yours"},"review15":{"Body":"Hey guys , Review of the Redmi 1s, Any questions can be asked under our Youtube Channel 'Nitty Gritty Reviews', where we have posted our review & we can answer your questions. Build Quality Quite good.. one of the better handsets at this price range.. The removable back leaves some space in between which makes it feel a bit hollowish Dragon Trail Glass for the front panel is an amazing plus at this price point. No backlit Keyboard... hard to use in it in the dark... but this is something you'll get used it. Display 720p IPS display.... Biggest reason to consider this phone... Colors are good... and brightness is fine under sunlight. 4.7\" display makes it really good for watching movies... Overall phone build quality is quite good. UI Quite different from other Android Skins, There is no app drawer...Everything is in the Homescreen like with IOS. The Multi Tasking is also slightly different... where you get icons instead of small screenshots. The music player is really nice and it offers specific settings for the Xiaomi Pistons(also reviewed) and it definitely makes quite a big difference. The messaging app allows you to reply to messages without having to quit any app you already are in.. which is a real nice addition. The phone runs 4.3 which and Xiaomi has not mentioned anything about an udate to 4.4 Kikat.... so thats a small setback Camera The daylight performance is quite good...and the 8mp is more than what most phones offer at this price point. The low light performance isnt great, but that should be expected considering its just 6k. The phone has difficulty in focusing on close objects, but pics are clicked really fast with little to no delay. Storage 8gb Internal ... Expandable with microSD. Problem is apps cannot be installed on MicroSD, this limits your apps storage to 5gb of free internal. Battery Life Average battery life, Heavy usage means you'll be looking for the charger by 5-6pm... Normal usage should give you a day's of battery life. Handling Heat The phone gets quite hot while using 3g for web browsing or for any apps ... This is makes it uncomfortable to pick calls etc during the such operations. Call Quality Softer than most phones i've used... Not that its unusable... But it isnt as loud as other phones. Purchasing Experience is horrible... and considering that Android One is coming out in a couple of days and the fact that Moto G 2nd Gen and the Zenfone 5 cost just a bit more with better build qualities and overall experiences and much higher avalablity... I would say there's not much to fret if you dont get this model.","Score":74.0,"Title":"Great Value, Not for Long though"},"review16":{"Body":"Very poor battery backup i it is worst thing for me because 2000 mah will not come for 1 day and while chat or watching videos also getting very heat.while i able to call that time hagging REDMI 1S i dnot know why....","Score":77.0,"Title":"Battery and Heating problem"},"review9":{"Body":"Outdated model, nothing new in this model. We will wait for Redmi Note 3 or go for Infocus M 638.","Score":100.0,"Title":"Xiomi Making Fool?????"},"review8":{"Body":"Not worth for the price and all specs are outdated. In China they released redmi note 3 with fingerprint and 4000 mah battery. They think India is dumping ground. Better go for Coolpad.","Score":85.44304,"Title":"Indians are not fools. Release Redmi Note 3"},"review10":{"Body":"Extremely disappointed by xiaomi.Mi played with our feelings by launching such outdated product .","Score":100.0,"Title":"Dont buy it...."},"review2":{"Body":"Xiaomi played a Trick here but i am not sure if it would work. This phone is Actually The Redmi Note 4G, but with a Different name and an extra Sim Slot....What is New in this then ?? Same 1 year Old Model I dont understand WHY to launch an already Discontinued devices when you have a Lot of devices (Mi 5 which might never launch i guess) Xiaomi India is taking credit of it but i dont see anything NEW as such in the phone. The Company is NOT launching any good phone now like REDMI NOTE 3 & REDMI NOTE 3 PRIME , due to Legal issues. You launch Good devices in CHINA and launch such devices which dont sell there anymore ,to dispose off in India. I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS DEVICE. And customers should make it clear to such brand that there are Many other Brands Which we can Opt. Its not that Only Xiaomi is the One in Market. If INDIAN Customers have given Xiaomi that Market BOOST , They can take that Back too. Atleast it should keep in Mind that INDIAN users are Not to be Served an OUTDATED phone. We want better specifications too which have been launched worldwide. This launch by Xiaomi shows they just want to OUTSTOCK their Old phones , and surprisingly customers are happy with this also. I dont find any good reason to Buy this phone being an model 1 year Old , just a Big Publicity Launching would Not make it go Far..!! THIS IS OUTDATED ....Not recommended at All !!! LIKE THIS COMMENT TO SEND A MESSAGE THAT EVEN WE WANT UPDATED PHONES WHICH ARE LAUNCHED WORLDWIDE AND SUCH DEVICES ARE NOT ACCEPTED BEING OUT OF MARKET TRENDS...!!!","Score":91.69643,"Title":"Xiaomi with an OUTDATED specification..DISAPPOINTING....!! Indian are Not Fools...Launch REDMI NOTE 3 now!!!"},"review3":{"Body":"hi Dear 5 star Keyboard warriors .Please read my reviews and give expert advice . I brought this phone last week and in 3 days these are the defects i found 1 . ii have attached the screen shot for reference . This phone has a media server app that takes almost 70 % of your battery . This app cannot be force stopped (this app is used to scan all media files and refresh in your gallery). So if you charge your phone 100 % it will be 65 % in jus half and hour even on standby because of this app. And the back panel of phone heats so much that its is very useful during winter to keep you warm :P. Trust me my pant gets warm as soon i slide my phone in pocket in jus 3 minutes.Mounting External SD card will make the media server app go worse . So solution is dont add any files on your phone to keep media server quite and get high battery life.. 2 The apps cannot be moved to memory card so you have to use the only 11 gb space available in phone for apps (half will be consumed by whats app :P ) . and don even think of rooting the phone ,if you root by seeing the you tube videos (MOST ARE ONLY FOR REDMI PRIME \/REDMI NOTE 4G) .If u root it any ways you wont get any updates to install. 3 there is no search option in music player provided in phone , so if u like that one song among 700 songs you have to scroll way down to get that one song to listen.So if you install any other music app which has search option, it will only scan your internal storage songs not external storage songs. I have reported all these bugs to xiaomi , still no action taken ..oooops i forgot why will they take any action .. i already got scammed with 8500 rs by them :P online chat and support numbers also dont respond :D only updates and fixes can save my phone. this is all i could find the most non user friendly thing in this outdated phone in 3 days . will post more on this . OVERALL I HAVE MADE YET ANOTHER STUPID DECISON IN MY LIFE AND STILL LAUGH ABOUT IT :D","Score":89.922485,"Title":"HI 5 STAR REVIEWERS , PLEASE ANSWER MY QUESTIONS FOR DEFECTS I FOUND IN THIS PHONE :P BEWARE BUYERS READ THIS BEFORE YOU BUY"},"review19":{"Body":"The phone features are good only on paper. On actual usage the processor is found to be too slow and the phone hangs on almost every attempt of outgoing voice calls. Once hanged, it takes a lot of time to get reset. The phone heats a lot near the rear side camera on few minutes of usage. Batter life is just okay to last a day. I have not yet got the delivery of Manual, Screen Guard or Micro SIM Adapter. No Headphones. No OTG cable. Maybe the piece I got was faulty? Going to request Flipkart for replacement hoping the new piece might work better.","Score":90.0,"Title":"Horrible Quality! Hangs & Heats a lot!!"},"review6":{"Body":"What the hell is going on at Xiaomi ? Same spec, same design and worst of of when all the other phones are moving to Android Marshmallow, but they are still stuck with Kit Kat. Piece of crap.. they seem to be dumping useless, unmarketable devices from China to India.. my Advice: DON'T buy this crap !!!!","Score":86.88525,"Title":"same design and worst of of when all the other phones are moving ..."},"review7":{"Body":"Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime It is having problem. Unable to disconnect after we finish conversation. Invariably we have to switch off\/on. Subhash pahwa","Score":86.84211,"Title":"Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime It is having problem. Unable ..."},"review4":{"Body":"Xiaomi is just a one-year-old brand for India and it took only one year to beat all other old and big brands just because of their business model, price, quality and MIUI. The service of Xiaomi in India is not that much good as all other big brands but still they are doing their level best to give best. I have bought all Xiaomi India products and none of them required to visit a service center to date. The first device they launched in India was the MI3 and I got it in the first sale and it still works like the new device. The Redmi Note Prime is the not the latest Note device they have in the International market, as they have already launched Redmi Note 2, Redmi Note 2 Prime and the Redmi Note 3 in the international market but they all have the MediaTek processor and they have been prohibited from sale these MediaTek phones in India due to some patent issues, so they launched the Redmi Note Prime with Qualcomm's Snapdragon 410 (which is not outdated yet) especially for the Indians and made in India. ----------------------------- UPDATE(14\/01\/2016) ----------------------------- Xiaomi will launch Redmi Note 3 variant with Snapdragon 650 SoC especially for India in coming months but I don't think it will carry a price tag under 10k as it has upgraded Snapdragon 650 chip, 16MP camera and a big 4000mAh Big Battery and full metal body. So you can still choose Redmi Note Prime if you are low on budget. ----------------------------- UPDATE(25\/01\/2016) ----------------------------- According to some reviews people reporting battery drain because of Mediaserver. Let me clear it that it's not a hardware fault, Some corrupt or MKV files on internal or external storage(SD card) that media server tries to index and it results in endless looping and it causes heating with battery drain. Quick Fix For Battery Drain: Delete all MKV files from the internal and external storage and restart the phone. Hope it helped..!! ------- PROS: ------- 1. MADE IN INDIA (Check the image) 2. MIUI, the MI user interface one of the most customizable, powerful, features packed android user interface. You get almost everything a smartphone user needs without the help of any third-party apps. 3. Overall good built quality, and especially the camera lens has the O-ring around it to protect it from scratches even if you use it without cases\/covers. 4. Stunning 13.97cm (5.5\") HD IPS display. (Bigger the display more the productivity.) 5. Fast 2GB LPDDR3 RAM with 16GB Flash memory with read speed of 100MB\/s and write speed of 50MB\/s. (Faster the memory, lesser the loading and launching time of the apps) 6. Qualcomm's Snapdragon 410 1.2GHz quad-core processor. It also has a 64-bit capability, which is faster and more powerful than 32-bit processors and allows for more efficient processing and memory use. 7. Adreno 306 supports DirectX, OpenCL, FlexRender and other PC gaming technologies for a richer gaming support and experience. 8. The menu, Home and Back keys are red backlit keys, looks sexy. (Check the image) 9. 4G, Dual sim and MircoSD slot. 10. The excellent output from the 3.5mm jack, all you need is a good pair of earphone. I tested it with XB70AP. 11. Big 3100 mAh high-capacity battery coupled with power efficient Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 processor and the battery saving features of MIUI makes it one of the most longer battery life smartphone. 12. 13MP rear camera | 5MP front camera are not the best 13MP and 5MP camera but it performs better than many phones and best at this price tag. 13. Good quality 2amp charger. -------- CONS: -------- 1. Big for the 5.5-inch screen size, not for the people who are looking for a pocket-friendly phone. I have added a picture of Redmi Note Prime without any case and my OnePlus One with bulky Diztronic Ultra TPU Case on it and they seem the same size. 2. Glossy back, I'm not a good fan of glossy stuff as they get scratched very easily and visibility of scratches are high also the glossy surface feel a bit sleepy in hands than the matte surface. I have added the picture of it with its little sister Redmi 2 with the matte finish on the back. 3. There is no space on the bezel or in the back panel where you can put your nail\/finger and open it. 4. The speaker is placed on the back side and the output from the speaker in all Xiaomi phones is average or below average in this case this phone won't be audible in the noisy environment and from the another room. 5. MIUI7 used in this phone has the base of Android KitKat 4.4.4 which is 2 years old android version. --------------- VERDICT: --------------- You can't ask for more at this price tag, Redmi Note Prime is the best 5.5-inch screen phone at this price tag. If you are low on budget and want a big screen, long battery life and full featured packed phone then you can blindly go for the Redmi Note Prime. PS: I am providing some pictures of the product for better understanding as \"A picture can speak a Thousand words\"(I already wrote more than 500 words). Just in case, you like my review don't forget to hit the 'YES\/HELPFUL' button below. It does encourage me to buy stuff from amazon for review.","Score":88.77193,"Title":"Same old Redmi Note but double storage, dual sim and a lower price tag this time..."},"review5":{"Body":"Hello, I have had this phone from 2 weeks, its a fair phone It has a decent screen, bright enough, ambient sensors do actually work and they determine the brightness in a satisfying way. Themes give it a nice personal touch, MIUI is fluid, but gets messy sometimes, all the apps are deranged on the screens and there is no app drawer, you can however arrange them in accordance to your will. Cameras are good, selfies are nice and clear even in low light, just use it somewhat intelligently, place yourself according to the light and you are good to go. I ordered a nice black back panel, and the phone looks exponientially smarter now, i dont like the white panel, its a bulky phone, has large bezels at the top and bottom, doesnt look bad, but could have been designed more asthetically. Though at this price one can't really complain, one hand operation is a stretch, its a big phone, and is quite heavy too, feels like half a brick in your hand, though if you see that as a positive, it makes the phone sturdy, and in times of grave danger, you can use it like a hammer. i am a clumsy man, i did let it slip a few times, but like I said, it's as sturdy as Thor's hammer. Some of the pre-loaded apps are a pain, the MI music app is pure s*** (Google Play Music saves the day), MI gallery is even worse, i have a 32GB card mounted which has around 2000 pictures, and i swear to God, i cant find anything when i need it, i rely google photos now. A file browser is given, but it recognises limited formats, and browsing through the memory is again a pain. Play store crashes a lot, but it gets the job done, if u are persistant enough. Video player however is decent and internet browsing is fun on this. Gaming sometimes is decent, other times it drops frames and i suggest low end games only. To sum it up It has all the features one may demand from a smartphone, it is priced genereously, nice camera, decent display, gets your work done. BAD UI, pre loaded apps are useless, doesnt look so good in white. Happy shopping everyone","Score":90.0,"Title":"It has its moments"}}